doc: add minutes for meeting 22 Apr 2020 (#384)
nodejs/diagnostics: wg-meetings/2020-04-22.md

  * Michael: we could add to calendar
  * Peter: should we try this approach and create a deep dive next week and normal meeting after that
  * Mattheus: we could always just skip meetings if there is not enough topic
  * Stephen: I’d rather meet more frequently than running out of time
  * Michael: I’ll add to the calendar
* self nomination to diagnostics working group [#379](https://github.com/nodejs/diagnostics/pull/379)
  * Peter: Many approves, what’s the action item here
  * Michael: our rules say we to add to agenda for visibility
* Harshitha: working with Gireesh and interested in Diagnostics
  * Looking into collaborating more into diagnostics and improving tooling 
  * Currently interested in Node Report and Heap Profiling

* COVID-19 and WG sittings [#370](https://github.com/nodejs/diagnostics/issues/370)
  * No concerns/comments this week

* proposal: elevate diagnostic report to tier1 [#369](https://github.com/nodejs/diagnostics/issues/369)
  * Gireesh: Process was approved, raised in main repo now
  * After waiting for seven days we could process, but we have only one approval at the moment
  * Michael: did I approve?

>   * Gireesh: une comment about putin back old report to unclassified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Gireesh: one comment about putting back the old report to unclassified
```

Author: @legendecas - thanks, fixed!

>   * Gireesh: une comment about putting back old report to unclassified

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Gireesh: One comment about putting back the old report to unclassified
```

Author: @HarshithaKP - done, fixed the typos.
